:::: JAN 19th, 2024 ::::

The earth matters to us,
so as long as its shoulders 
makes space for us to rise

We fill in these gaps
with burdens we've made
'til old Atlas falters, cries

We ask above, if so good
then why this path of pain
yet, it's us, our brains,

paving ways, endless ways
pointing towards an end of days
and for all we have ever done
still, we could never see
the other side of the sun...

---

Have you ever felt we strive towards self-fulfilling prophecies? 
As humans, we feel we could and should never be wrong.
On a grand scale, we try to drive this point into reality.
From Revelations to iRobot -- we just need to make sure our prophesies
come to pass, self-assuring grand destruction.

We even pray for the days for Messiah to come.
But Messiah coming only means we've gone so far
in building a successful foundation for apocalypse.

:::: JAN 14th, 2024 ::::

It can only get so cold, 
only the heat never stops

As with the dark, and so the light.

---

I have completed Unit 1 (Intro to JS: Drawing and Animation) and Unit 4 (Advanced JS: Games & Visualizations) in Khan Academy.
Soon, I'll come back to complete their courses in HTML and JS: Natural Simulations, but I found this sick free Udemy course:

"The Python Mega Course: Build 10 Real World Applications" by Ardit Sulce

He so nicely posted the previous version of this course on Reddit, and I was so lucky to see it.
I've been craving to learn Python, having taken the MITx intro course briefly to prep myself for school.

It's great Khan Academy offers a version of ProcessingJS through their web browser, 
but I've been needing to get my hands dirty with a real-life IDE.

Having gotten accustomed to the IDE with the MITx course, I'll be using Spyder.

Let's see how it goes...

---

:::: JAN 12th, 2024 ::::

Working and going to school leads to this unusual constraint of time. 
The time I thought I didn't have before now seemed like an abundance.

"You don't know what you got 'til it's gone..."
 
I do love to learn but it's the exchange:
        work for grades,
        work for money,
where do we make room for innovation?

A curse bestowed upon me:
        A mind full of ideas
        A life lacking resources:
                time, 
                money

Ah, so the curse has you too?

Yet, it's this constraint that pressure cooks ideas into well-done reality.
